dx-991 added info on token deletion (#623)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-order-other-features.md

    end
```

> Customers should be able to set `recurrenceToken` to deleted if the consumer 
> deletes their agreements with their customer. 

Reviewer: We need to explain how the operation that describes how to delete a token is found. What is its `rel` name? Please provide an example and update the `<OPERATION NAME>` in the description.

```suggestion
Payers should be able to delete payment tokens that are associated to
them. To delete a `recurrenceToken`, perform the `<OPERATION NAME>`
operation.

```

Note that the value of `state` must be `Deleted` when deleting the token. 
No other states are supported.

{:.code-header}
**Request**

```http

> POST /psp/paymentorders/payments HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: This URL does not seem correct.
